How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    If one version worked and the other didn’t, you can compare to see what was different and change it back. 
    The VC function helped pinpoint the differences easily without combing through each line of all the code 


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   	With access to a file's history, you can view progress over time, 
    compare across version, and restore old files if needed.  
    You can better learn from old mistakes, habits, etc. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Pros: You're able to discern when you want to create a commit 
    You won't be over cluttered if you don't want to have more versions 

    Cons: You might not always be the best judge of when to commit and might want more versions 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	It likely depends on the primary use of their systems. 
	It's useful to have multiple files in one commit for certain projects but less useful for others. 
	I imagine this involves more resources and might be more of a hassle if this happened automatically rather than letting you choose. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Git log will give you the log which you can use to view the history.
	If additional information is needed on the difference between versions and changes, 
	then you can use git diff with the 2 ids to view the specific changes made 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	You can make the changes and know that you can always revert back if needed. 
	You can experiment more. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	To keep track of my project files for future Udacity projects. 
	Hopefully this will help me keep organized better. 


	

